Lesson 2 reflections

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
git init causes hidden directory .git, with metafiles describing contents of directory,
to be created. This allows me to do commits & generally use git on this folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area contains files I intend to (but have not yet) commit(ed). Repository contains
committed files; working directory is the original folder where all my files (committed,
intended, or not) are stored.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
By using git add on one file at a time, and by using git status to check what's in
the staging area before a commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches are useful to experiment with alternative versions of a program (easy mode in the lesson example, or
maybe the "bass clef" version of LMP). Also useful for trying out experimental versions that may or may not
end up as production code. Well-named branches can help track a programmer's thought process through several
revisions.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Same way diagrams help me visualize anything. But this is a nice example of a
graphing application.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
So, merging branches brings together the changes made in two different branches since the common commit.
That's if it works, which mine didn't. I suspect an editor conflict issue, but don't want to keep beating this
particular dead horse!

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
So really, it's mostly pros: conflicts have to be resolved by programmer(s) if they're
going to be reliable in the long run. Con: pain in the ass, just like most things. BTW,
with forum help was able to figure out the problem with coin/master merge - needed to get
rid of extra code that was no longer needed (had been superceded by a function).