How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Made it easier to spot - rather than being one line in thousands, there was
	one line out of a few. It's a matter of finding a needle in a much smaller
	haystack.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I could save time by just saving often rather than using comments as a crude
	form of version control - I tend to comment rather than erasing so that previous
	"versions" of a program are never lost. On large programs, all the irrelevant 
	commented code can lead to confusion. Not sure I'm ready to completely throw
	caution to the wind, though.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro: user control means commits are probably rational
	Con: never underestimate the irrationality of the user! Just because I
	should save, doesn't mean I will.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Seems like a no-brainer; git is programmer-oriented, many others aren't. In
	programming interrelated files are the norm rather than the exception.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log lists all changes, with unique id for each commit. With the addition
	of meaningful comment, can make guesses as to what happened between commits; 
	git diff lets me drill down and see actual lines of code changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Knowing I can always go back to a working version means that I can be fearless
	in making changes. This would be great for my students!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For starters, I am going to use it for the many versions of "LMP" I have
	hanging around - and the same for "Iowa Waltz."
